Refs #35591 -- Emphasized that runserver is not suitable for production. (#18457)
django/django: docs/howto/deployment/checklist.txt

--deploy` option. Be sure to run it against your production settings file as
described in the option's documentation.

Switch away from ``manage.py runserver``

> =========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
========================================
```

> The ``runserver`` command is not designed for a deployed production setup. Be
> sure to switch to a production-ready WSGI or ASGI server. Django
> outlines a few common options for each, but there are other servers available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :djadmin:`runserver` command is not designed for a production setting. Be
sure to switch to a production-ready WSGI or ASGI server. For a few common
options, see :doc:`WSGI servers </howto/deployment/wsgi/index>` or
:doc:`ASGI servers </howto/deployment/asgi/index>`.
```
"Production setting" is to mimic the warning title
